Payment method backend searchable (#103)
plentymarkets/plugin-etsy: meta/documents/changelog_en.md

# Release notes for Etsy

## v2.1.6 (2021-09-13)
### Fixed

> - The Etsy payment method is now searchable by default in the backend if access data for Etsy are stored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Etsy payment method is now searchable by default in the back end if access data for Etsy are stored.
```
